update README: note for upgrading from 0.3.1 or earlier (#162)
arduino/ArduinoCore-zephyr: README.md

## 🛠️ Setup a Zephyr build environment

> [!WARNING]  

> > If upgrading from release ≤ 0.3.1 to > 0.3.1: delete your local copy and clone the repository again following the installation instructions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> If you checked out this repo before 0.3.2 was released, delete your local copy and clone the repository again following the installation instructions. See #163 for more details.
```
